Now, let's actually have a look at using Tumbling and Hopping in session windows.
So returning to our workspace,
we're going to go ahead and start by looking at creating a tumbling window.
So we already have a purchases table
and a purchases stream which we're going to make use of.
So we're going to create a stream called,
purchases_tumbling, and we're going to select everything from our purchases stream.
But we're going to window it by let's actually do 10 seconds.
So it elapses a little faster.
So 10 seconds is a fairly short window,
but we'll be able to see the data roll through.
So let's go ahead and let this run.
Let's say "Select", and let the data come through.
So you can see that really it just looks very similar to our normal purchases stream.
But the data will roll over and there is one window information available to us.
Next, let's take a look at a hopping window.
As we saw in the lesson slides,
we basically defined a size and an advanced window.
So we're just going to grab this.
We're going to work with a window of 30 seconds,
advancing every five seconds.
We're going to create this hopping purchases window,
and then if we do show tables,
you'll see that we now have a purchases hopping table.
Finally, let's take a look at how to define a session table,
with a session window.
So it's essentially the same syntax as creating a hopping or a tumbling window.
The difference is that, we simply specify how long a session is going to last.
Now, five minutes is a long time,
but you should see how this works by defining this.
So we're not going to actually see the session
expire within the context of this demonstration,
but I just want to show you how quick it is to go ahead and create
a table with a session window of five minutes.
So if you show tables,
we'll again see we have a session and a hopping window.
If we do select username from
purchases hopping and let's just go ahead and,
excuse me, purchases session.
Let's just limit this to five.
First five usernames.
There you go. It's also worth noting that we only saw
B usernames because we've specified that username must start with B.